“You’ve gotta dance like there’s nobody watching, love like you’ll never be hurt, sing like there’s nobody listening, and live like it’s heaven on earth.” ― William W. Purkey
“Fairy tales are more than true: not because they tell us that dragons exist, but because they tell us that dragons can be beaten.”― Neil Gaiman
“Everything you can imagine is real.”― Pablo Picasso
“When one door of happiness closes, another opens; but often we look so long at the closed door that we do not see the one which has been opened for us.” ― Helen Keller
“Do one thing every day that scares you.”― Eleanor Roosevelt
“It’s no use going back to yesterday, because I was a different person then.”― Lewis Carroll
“Smart people learn from everything and everyone, average people from their experiences, stupid people already have all the answers.” – Socrates
“Do what you feel in your heart to be right – for you’ll be criticized anyway.”― Eleanor Roosevelt
“Happiness is not something ready made. It comes from your own actions.” ― Dalai Lama XIV
“Whatever you are, be a good one.” ― Abraham Lincoln
“No one is to blame for your future situation but yourself. If you want to be successful, then become “Successful.”― Jaymin Shah
“Things may come to those who wait, but only the things left by those who hustle.”― Abraham Lincoln
“Everything comes to him who hustles while he waits.”― Thomas Edison
“Every sucessful person in the world is a hustler one way or another. We all hustle to get where we need to be. Only a fool would sit around and wait on another man to feed him.” ― K’wan
“Invest in your dreams. Grind now. Shine later.” – Unknown
“Hustlers don’t sleep, they nap.” – Unknown
“Greatness only comes before hustle in the dictionary.” – Ross Simmonds
“Without hustle, talent will only carry you so far.” – Gary Vaynerchuk
“Work like there is someone working twenty four hours a day to take it away from you.” – Mark Cuban
“Hustle in silence and let your success make the noise.” – Unknown
“The hard days are what make you stronger.” – Aly Raisman
“If you believe it’ll work out, you’ll see opportunities. If you don’t believe it’ll work out, you’ll see obstacles.” – Wayne Dyer
“Keep your eyes on the stars, and your feet on the ground.” – Theodore Roosevelt
“You can waste your lives drawing lines. Or you can live your life crossing them.” – Shonda Rhimes
“You’ve got to get up every morning with determination if you’re going to go to bed with satisfaction.” – George Lorimer
“I now tried a new hypothesis: It was possible that I was more in charge of my happiness than I was allowing myself to be.” – Michelle Obama
“In a gentle way, you can shake the world.” – Mahatma Gandhi
“If opportunity doesn’t knock, build a door.” – Kurt Cobain
“Don’t be pushed around by the fears in your mind. Be led by the dreams in your heart.” – Roy T. Bennett
“Work hard in silence, let your success be the noise.” – Frank Ocean
